Provide option to hide welcome message on gradle startup (#18830)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/running-builds/build_environment.adoc

Using `full` doesn't truncate the stacktrace, which leads to a much more verbose output.
_Default is `internal`._

> `org.gradle.welcome-message=(true,false)`::
> When set to `false`, Gradle won't generate welcome message.
> _Enabled by default and welcome message is shown on first execution of each new version of Gradle._

Reviewer: I think we should adjust the key and the values to the other Gradle properties. How about this: 

```suggestion
`org.gradle.welcome=(never,once)::
Controls whether Gradle should print a welcome message. If set to _never_ then the welcome message will be suppressed. If set to _once_ then the message is printed once for each new version of Gradle.
_Default is `once`._
```

Reviewer: Nonetheless, the PR looks good. Thank you @yasmans for taking the time and implementing this feature!

Using `full` doesn't truncate the stacktrace, which leads to a much more verbose output.
_Default is `internal`._

> `org.gradle.welcome=(never,once)::

Reviewer 2: There is a missing backtick after the `)` on this line.  You can see that the property is not formatted correctly on the [doc page](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/build_environment.html#sec:gradle_configuration_properties).  Also it is out of alphabetical order.  It should go after `org.gradle.warning.mode`.  `org.gradle.logging.stacktrace` is also in the wrong location - it should go after `org.gradle.logging.level`

Reviewer 2: Submitted #22702 and PR#22703
